c:\Users\Orlando\Documents\VSCprojects\Data Science\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Data Science.deps.json
c:\Users\Orlando\Documents\VSCprojects\Data Science\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Data Science.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Orlando\Documents\VSCprojects\Data Science\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Data Science.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\Orlando\Documents\VSCprojects\Data Science\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Data Science.dll
c:\Users\Orlando\Documents\VSCprojects\Data Science\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Data Science.pdb
c:\Users\Orlando\Documents\VSCprojects\Data Science\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Data Science.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Orlando\Documents\VSCprojects\Data Science\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Data Science.dll
c:\Users\Orlando\Documents\VSCprojects\Data Science\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Data Science.pdb
c:\Users\Orlando\Documents\HRO\INF3B\OP4\Data Science\Assignment1\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Data Science.deps.json
c:\Users\Orlando\Documents\HRO\INF3B\OP4\Data Science\Assignment1\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Data Science.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Orlando\Documents\HRO\INF3B\OP4\Data Science\Assignment1\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Data Science.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\Orlando\Documents\HRO\INF3B\OP4\Data Science\Assignment1\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Data Science.dll
c:\Users\Orlando\Documents\HRO\INF3B\OP4\Data Science\Assignment1\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Data Science.pdb
c:\Users\Orlando\Documents\HRO\INF3B\OP4\Data Science\Assignment1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Data Science.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Orlando\Documents\HRO\INF3B\OP4\Data Science\Assignment1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Data Science.dll
c:\Users\Orlando\Documents\HRO\INF3B\OP4\Data Science\Assignment1\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Data Science.pdb
c:\Users\Orlando\Documents\HRO\INF3B\OP4\Data Science\User-Item\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Data Science.deps.json
c:\Users\Orlando\Documents\HRO\INF3B\OP4\Data Science\User-Item\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Data Science.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Orlando\Documents\HRO\INF3B\OP4\Data Science\User-Item\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Data Science.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\Orlando\Documents\HRO\INF3B\OP4\Data Science\User-Item\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Data Science.dll
c:\Users\Orlando\Documents\HRO\INF3B\OP4\Data Science\User-Item\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Data Science.pdb
c:\Users\Orlando\Documents\HRO\INF3B\OP4\Data Science\User-Item\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Data Science.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Orlando\Documents\HRO\INF3B\OP4\Data Science\User-Item\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Data Science.dll
c:\Users\Orlando\Documents\HRO\INF3B\OP4\Data Science\User-Item\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Data Science.pdb
c:\Users\Orlando\Documents\HRO\INF3B\OP4\Data Science\UserItem\User-Item\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Data Science.deps.json
c:\Users\Orlando\Documents\HRO\INF3B\OP4\Data Science\UserItem\User-Item\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Data Science.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Orlando\Documents\HRO\INF3B\OP4\Data Science\UserItem\User-Item\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Data Science.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\Orlando\Documents\HRO\INF3B\OP4\Data Science\UserItem\User-Item\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Data Science.dll
c:\Users\Orlando\Documents\HRO\INF3B\OP4\Data Science\UserItem\User-Item\bin\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Data Science.pdb
c:\Users\Orlando\Documents\HRO\INF3B\OP4\Data Science\UserItem\User-Item\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Data Science.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Orlando\Documents\HRO\INF3B\OP4\Data Science\UserItem\User-Item\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Data Science.dll
c:\Users\Orlando\Documents\HRO\INF3B\OP4\Data Science\UserItem\User-Item\obj\Debug\netcoreapp1.1\Data Science.pdb
